stating the brick wall in the breakworld
yeah when are going to set your house on
fire this time no I'm not kind of got to
go people after they know hey it's me
Destin we have a class 4 laser we're in
Holland and this is Johan and he's a
laser expert guru whatever you want to
call
all right so we're going to do a lesson
on colors in Dutch because I don't know
them
ready all right so we're gonna turn the
laser on hot power first
yeah ready yep okay there we go okay oh
so what color is this laser go on this
is blue in English blow blow blow blow
okay so what color is the first plane
root rope which is red uh-huh that's a
right
wrote wrote wrote okay red balloon
versus blue laser easy next color orange
or right here easy little or feel
hill-hill okay by help tail here let's
glue we were green or froom froom
through okay all right hmm gets your
croisé with its turquoise yeah good
commands it in Dutch okay
whoa then voice blender louder
we have blue or low let's see ah
then we have there's one for you what
color is this black or not
ooh and finally white or bit okay what's
going on here we have a wife Elaine
that's not popping in the laser that
popped every other color would you like
to explain laser guru the wife on
sceptical delight so it doesn't absorb
the lights and doesn't eat doesn't pop
there you go you're getting smarter
every day please subscribe thanks Johan
you're welcome if you want to see his
website it's blue fan NL thanks let's
Public Relation goes with him hey yes
ah this is a white one this is - I can't
see with my latest
we get smarter every day right
well commas
let's visit how did you alright so if
you have any good ideas for smarter
every day go check out the Facebook page
and tell us your idea
hmm later have a good one okay
you've heard of sharks with laser beams
on their heads but hold out the cool
thing about that is the laser beam not
necessarily the shark and even though
there's Shark Week we're going to have
laser month because that's bleak first
week you on here is built this laser
it's a 445 nanometer 3 watt 3 diode
laser and it is capable of burning about
anything you put in its way on its color
and we're going to do laser month